[DOC-11431][DOC-10454] Document admission control for snapshot ingestion (#19068)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v24.3/admission-control.md

- [General SQL queries]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/selection-queries.md %}) have their CPU usage subject to admission control, as well as storage IO for writes to [leaseholder replicas]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#leases).
- [Bulk data imports]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/import-into.md %}).
- [`COPY`]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/copy-from.md %}) statements.
- [Deletes]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/delete-data.md %}) (including deletes initiated by [row-level TTL jobs]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/row-level-ttl.md %}); the [selection queries]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/selection-queries.md %}) performed by TTL jobs are also subject to CPU admission control).

> - [Backups]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/backup-and-restore-overview.md %}).

Author: Moved these around to make the list make more sense to me -- things that users do regularly, then things that are more complicated / low-level. WDYT?

Reviewer: Makes sense to me!

- [Schema changes]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/online-schema-changes.md %}), including index and column backfills (on both the [leaseholder replica]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#leases) and [follower replicas]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#raft)).
- [Follower replication work]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#raft).
- [Raft log entries being written to disk]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#raft).
- [Changefeeds]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/create-and-configure-changefeeds.md %}).
- [Intent resolution]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/transaction-layer.md %}#write-intents).

> - {% include_cached new-in.html version="v24.3" %} [Snapshot transfers]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#snapshots) onto a node with a [provisioned rate]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cockroach-start.md %}#store) configured for its store, based on disk bandwidth, to reduce the impact on foreground workloads on the node. Admission control for snapshot transfers is disabled by default. To learn more, refer to [Snapshots]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/replication-layer.md %}#snapshots).

Reviewer 2: I think we should either leave this out completely or state that it is an experimental feature in 24.3. cc @dshjoshi .

Author: Removed the line

- `admission.kv.enabled` for work performed by the [KV layer]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/distribution-layer.md %}).
- `admission.sql_kv_response.enabled` for work performed in the SQL layer when receiving [KV responses]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/distribution-layer.md %}).
- `admission.sql_sql_response.enabled` for work performed in the SQL layer when receiving [DistSQL responses]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/architecture/sql-layer.md %}#distsql).
- {% include_cached new-in.html version="v24.3" %} `kvadmission.store.snapshot_ingest_bandwidth_control.enabled` to optionally limit the disk impact of ingesting snapshots on a node. This cluster setting is in [Preview]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.md %}#features-in-preview).

> - `kvadmission.store.provisioned_bandwidth` to optionally limit the bandwidth for a store, expressed in bytes per second. This cluster setting is in [Preview]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.md %}#features-in-preview).

Author: ```suggestion
- {% include_cached new-in.html version="v24.3" %}`kvadmission.store.provisioned_bandwidth` to optionally limit the disk bandwidth capacity of stores on the cluster. Disk bandwidth admission control paces background disk writes to keep disk bandwidth within its provisioned bandwidth. This cluster setting is in [Preview]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.md %}#features-in-preview).
```
